# CS-250
* How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?
   User needs originate from feedback.  To know what you want to create you have to take input from the end-user.  This is best done in a meeting or through some type of discussion tool like a message board, chat room, or email.  Though meeting is preferred.  Once the product owner has the necessary information, they can craft user stories.  User stories are modeled like this "As a [user type] I want [some feature or bug fix] so that [I can do this...]."  The model's simplicity helps to understand how user stories mold the product.  It gives testers and coders an idea about what users want out of the product.  They can then create test cases and code features which fit those desires.
   
* How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?
   One of the things I appreciated in this course was the extreme programming topic.  Learning that refactoring is more than just renaming variables was intriguing.  It helps to create better code and I think can make ME a better coder.  I think stepping back and looking at the code in its entirety and sniffing out bad smells, or maybe seeing where built in packages can do work more easily than I had planned to write code myself, can help clean up and make the code more readable.  
   Also, I see the value in paired programming.  I hope one day when I get the chance to work with a more experience programmer who can teach me things in my first projects.  Granted that person would have to be incredibly patient!

* What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?
   Asking that question is as a simple as asking "What does it mean to be a good person?"  I am in a lot of discussion boards and read my share of chat rules.  Most often you can boil them down to "don't be a jerk."  But how does that fit with a software development team?  First, be patient and understanding.  Know that your team will have its strengths and weaknesses.  Help build others up and learn from those who try to help you.  Second, swallow your pride.  When something happens not to your liking, and it will, let some things go.  If it is a big deal try talking to the one who wronged you privately or with a leader, like the scrum master or product owner.  Third, be prompt and organized.  Don't put things off to the last minute and keep yourself together.  Sometimes simple things like a clean workspace can go a long ways.  And no one likes the person they are always waiting on.  Lastly, have a little fun.  Don't be a spoil sport but let your hair down.  People will respond better to you if you can take a joke.  
